{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project This project is meant to tie a few projects together as an ecosystem. each app should intelligently and in an asynchronous manner while conserving resources perform their intended tasks but discover, communicate, and share information as needed to accomplish their goals. some projects may have features geared toward this already specifically magic mirror and openeye home security. Each of these project should be able to exist on their own but are meant to expand their capabilities and usefulness when used together. \
\
/Volumes/ASSD/GitProjects/AI_For_Survival - is a project intended to run a local LLM to provide basic information from its knowledge base while controlling or managing features of the other apps/services. It will also help with app development, coding in general, running cybersecurity playbooks to develop attack chains when needed to defend the network or devices on the network or perform blue team related tasks. \
\
/Volumes/ASSD/GitProjects/logAnalysis - is a project designed to monitor logs for asus routers (and possibly other routers), and the other projects to perform cybersecurity related duties and address any errors while communicating them with suggested resolution to the user. It should also have the ability to perform blocking of devices, websites, and services at the users command.\
\
/Volumes/ASSD/GitProjects/MagicMirror-Custom - is a project which has some ecosystem features already built and is a good place to start. It is a verbal communication center for the ecosystem. It provides information at a glance and allows the user to provide verbal direction for the LLM to accomplish. it also gathers basic network related information for the user to be paired with loganalysis to allow the user to manage devices and network access with ease. \
\
/Volumes/ASSD/GitProjects/OpenEye-OpenCV_Home_Security - is a project meant to perform home security and automation tasks. It also has ecosystem features built in currently. It is meant to gather physical security and track threats. Automations provide the ability to control smart home devices and security devices to secure an environment while providing a custom experience for users and unknown persons if needed. \
\
Goals \
1. ensure all projects can run as stand alone projects. \
2. ensure all projects can communicate with each other in a secure manner and intelligently provide relevant content to the user while performing their tasks and conserving resources\
3. each projects capabilities should scale to the ability of the hardware they are installed on. Most have this ability already implemented\
4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines}} and the subsections Getting started Foundations Patterns Components Inputs Technologies provides guidelines for implementing UI on each project. Check to ensure there are no conflicts for UIs such as ports that will be used by other project UIs. \
5. This will be part of an attempt to move from the development environment to a production one. So buttons in the UI to close or shut down apps or services and one click solutions to launch apps or projects if not meant to run in the background\
6. empower the local llm to control features of each project and add capabilities of each project to the knowledge base of the LLM as it detects or identifies the other projects are present on the system/network\
7. ensure install and uninstall are what a user would expect from production ready projects. \
8. ensure the theming features of openeye home security are available on all other projects for ui with the exception of magic mirror as it may have limited ability to serve rich colorful information. \
9. The llm should have the ability to identify any errors when attempting to run commands, services, applications, and provide resolutions or recommended solutions\
10. the llm should have the ability to check system and application logs for potential issues or cybersecurity issues. \
}